 1. What is 'git stash' and how to use it?
  Stashing takes the dirty state of your working directory — that is, your modified tracked files and staged changes — and saves it on a stack of unfinished changes that you can reapply at any time.
 To push a new stash onto your stack, run git stash.
 To see which stashes you’ve stored, you can use git stash list.
 You can reapply the one you just stashed by using the command shown in the help output of the original stash command: git stash apply. 
 The changes to your files were reapplied, but the file you staged before wasn’t restaged. To do that, you must run the git stash apply command with a --index option to tell the command to try to reapply the staged changes.
 To remove it, you can run git stash drop with the name of the stash to remove.
 You can also run git stash pop to apply the stash and then immediately drop it from your stack.
  If you want an easier way to test the stashed changes again, you can run git stash branch, which creates a new branch for you, checks out the commit you were on when you stashed your work, reapplies your work there, and then drops the stash if it applies successfully.
 
 2. What is 'git reset' and when we shouldn't use it?
 The reset command overwrites these three trees in a specific order, stopping when you tell it to:
 Move the branch HEAD points to (stop here if --soft)
 Make the Index look like HEAD (stop here unless --hard)
 Make the Working Directory look like the Index
 
 checkout (commit) [file], reset (commit) [file] , take a second to think before running that command.
 
 3.When we need cherry-pick, and how does it happens?
 The git cherry-pick command is used to take the change introduced in a single Git commit and try to re-introduce it as a new commit on the branch you’re currently on. This can be useful to only take one or two commits from a branch individually rather than merging in the branch which takes all the changes.
 
 4.What does do 'git rm ..' command and what not?
 Remove files from the index, or from the working tree and the index. git rm will not remove a file from just your working directory.